## Participants

* Caner Akin
* Hande Karatas
* Altan Kurt
* Derya Tavozar
* Sercan Erhan
* Sena Pala
* Merve Basak
* Eray Gundogmus

**Meeting Time: 22:30 PM (UTC +3)**

## Items
* What is the purpose of marketing/social media? What are we trying to achieve?
  * We would like to get more participants/more contributors
  * Identify main platform and avoid duplications
  * We can ask people to bring more ideas and data resources
* What are the pros and cons of getting into the mobile business?


* Which of the current projects can we gather under Afet Harita?
  * We should talk to them and discuss when we will add them to the roadmap.
* List of Lessons Learned and what we could’ve done better? What kind of issues/problems we had? How can we solve them next time?
  * Unable to get consent from tweet owners due to KVKK.
  * So many products serving the same purpose were released, how could we have handled this better?
  * How can we guide the social media team to make a bigger impact?
  * Some data were incorrect/troll, how can we eliminate this problem for the future?
* First, let's document what we've done so far. Let's explain why we're shutting down and then go through pain points for future steps (KVKK, the necessity of resolved data and eliminating noise from accumulated data after n weeks following the disaster, and ensuring that it can be used for all disasters, not just earthquakes).
  * Which teams were involved?
  * Which data were used?
  * How is it being used, who is using it (NGOs, field teams, hospitals, etc.)?
* Impact
  * How many lives have been touched (how many people benefited)?
  * What were the achievements?
  * Information can be gathered from focus groups (e.g., AFAD) as evidence.
  * Approximately 1 million unique users

## Ideas
* What's new pop-up as an in-app? Or push notifications through the browser.
* Show my location feature
* A configuration wizard when setting up Afetharita. Should there be traffic load or only verified data, no social media, and should a mobile build be included when building, etc.

## Actions
* Production will be shut down, we will proceed with RC.
* The active URL will be redirected to afet.org.
* Due to KVKK (Turkish data protection law), we will delete all data containing personal information by 22.02.2023 and generate mock data.
* A new document will be created by below sections:
* Sercan to create the template in Wiki.

# Documentation
  ## Caner/ Eray
    ### How did we start? 
    ### When did we start?
    ### What did we create?
    ### Who did we work with?
    ### Why/How did we create?
  ## Hande / Sena
    ### Personas
      #### ER Teams
      #### Volunteers
      #### Victims
      #### Tbd
  ## Derya/Merve - request help as needed.
    ### Which teams were included in what stages?
      #### What did they do individually?
      #### What resources/tools they have used?
      #### What issues they’ve had?
      #### What was innovative?
      #### What concept/structure they’ve followed? Why?
        ##### Afet HArita App
          1. Data Team
          2. Frontend Team
          3. BAckend Team
          4. Product Team
          5. Test Team
            5.1 Check-force team
        #### Cloud Team
        #### Coordination
        #### Onboarding
        #### Hiring
        #### Documentation
        #### Translation
        #### Social Media
        #### Satellite
        #### TBD
  ## Sercan/Altan/Oğuz
    ### In the short term - What did we achieve?
    ### What could’ve done better?
    ### What kind of problems we had?
  ## TBD
    ### Paint Points - TBD




